drivers: eth: native_posix: if_name from cmd line (#74952)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/networking/native_sim_setup.rst

.. code-block:: console

   ./echo-client -t 127.0.0.1

Setting interface name from command line
****************************************

By default the Ethernet interface name used by native_sim is determined by
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_DRV_NAME`, but is also possible
to set it from the command line using ``--eth-if=<interface_name>``.
This can be useful if the application has to be

> run in multiple instances and the recompiling it for each instance would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run in multiple instances and recompiling it for each instance would be
```

> .. code-block:: console

Reviewer 2: Commit message talks about env variable, please change that.

   ./echo-client -t 127.0.0.1

Setting interface name from command line
****************************************

> By default the ethernet interface name used by native_sim is determined by

Reviewer 2: s/ethernet/Ethernet/

> :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_DRV_NAME`. There is option to choose
> the interface on command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_DRV_NAME`, but is also possible
to set it from the command line using ``--eth-if=<interface_name>``.
```
maybe better?

> First you have to enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ETH_NATIVE_POSIX_DRV_NAME_FROM_CMD_LINE`.

Reviewer: No need to require this. Let's just do so that if the user does not provide anything from cmd line we use the default from kconfig, and otherwise what the user provided

> Then to select the interface you have to pass ``--eth-if`` command line option.

Reviewer 2: Could you add here info about the use case when user would want to use this option. You have this mentioned in the commit message but it would be nice to see it here too.
